alright guys i'm going to show you my
custom built pc built it myself right
around the second week of September just
getting around to making a video to show
you guys the case right here is the
cooler master half 942 half obviously
stands for high airflow for those who
don't know that now you know keeps
everything in the PC pretty cool I got
six fans all running right off this
Zelman fan controller it's not too
flashy but it does the job it works I've
read a lot of reviews about those other
other digital ones with the touch screen
and a lot of people having problems with
those things as far as DVD roms or
drives just got a regular LG DVD burner
now I pretty much use that to play all
my games off of that and then above that
as you can see I've got a LG blu-ray
burner kind of show you what the case
looks like if you haven't really seen it
the video is not dead great because I'm
doing it on my iphone with the flash on
so here's the top view of the pc will go
to the side view and just for starters
right here I've got dual mushkin
enhanced Chronos deluxe reading their
rights the advertised reading the rights
are 5 60 x 5 10 which is pretty quick
and the people with the OCC's the vertex
did a lot of reviews on them things and
a lot of people having problems so i
decided to go with two of these in raid
0 and underneath there I've got a 300
gig velociraptor put all my games and
extra programs on there just keep all
the space off together one kind of keep
kind of clean so it runs pretty quick
the motherboard is an EVGA p67 FTW
it's got the dual 8 pin connectors up
there for overclocking in the middle of
the screen as you can see I've got the
corsair h100 oh sure try to zoom in for
you guys keeps everything keeps a cpu
pretty cool i mean i haven't had one bit
of issue with it 100 percent usage on
the cpu the Sandy Bridge 2600 k which I
have in their runs red about 68 degrees
steady it doesn't get too hot stays
pretty cool I got it overclocked to 4.6
gigahertz I'm going to the right I've
got 16 gig worth of mush can enhance
treadline 1600 ridgeback series it's
some of the best ram you can get it's
got great timings everything keeps
everything running pretty quick down
here I call these the triplets I got a
try fire set up with sapphire 69 70 s
and cross failure mode haven't had one
bit of she with heat I've got a whole
bunch of fans I've got two up on top
above the radiator kind of got the
push-pull thing going then the fans on
the cooler master h100 it's got one fan
in the front right there and then in
this shroud right here I've got a ultra
kaze it's a 2000 rpm fan which just
moves air across those cards that's one
of the reasons why I bought this case
was try to keep these cards cool and it
does a pretty good job of it I've also
got another ultra kazi as my exhaust fan
it blows out more air than you'll ever
need so none of the hot air stays in the
pc too long power supply to power this
whole beast got a silverstone strider
gold 1200 watt power supply it would
take quite a bit of parts in this
computer to maxs thing out
I haven't had one bit of problems with
any of this all the cords all the custom
cords i got from frozen cpu they just
looked nice kind of the stock cords you
come with the power supplies always kind
of what kind of gawky so i decided to go
with these white ones i went with the in
the back there you can see the silver
side of three chords went with those and
that's about it for the pc kind of give
you guys a look around that's all the
cords going to the this one here is the
one going to the side fan which i have
disconnected i will start this thing up
so you guys can kind of see what it
looks like when it gets started and it's
got plenty of lights on here for those
of you who like lights they're red fan
there there's a red side pan which isn't
connected it's got the top fans and then
i'll show you my three screen monitor
setup the windows starts rather quickly
usually less than 20 30 seconds at the
most for sound I've got the Logitech
surround sound which works pretty good
girlfriends always complaining about me
having it too loud because she can't
hear the TV two bedrooms down the
keyboard it's a razor mechanical
keyboard I guarantee you if you ever use
mechanical keyboard you'll never use a
regular keyboard again
they're that good then just got a
logitech mx518 and as you can see when
it was loaded up pretty quick so i will
put this get this right up on youtube
and you guys have any questions you can
just comment for it all right i'll see
you guys later